Feature/fiat 3296 (#57)
coins-docs/coins-docs.github.io: docs/rest-api.md

### SIGNED (TRADE and USER_DATA) Endpoint Security

* `SIGNED` endpoints require an additional parameter, `signature`, to be
  sent in the  `query string` or `form request body` or `header`.
* Endpoints use `HMAC SHA256` signatures. The `HMAC SHA256 signature` is a keyed `HMAC SHA256` operation.
  Use your `secretKey` as the key and `totalParams` as the value for the HMAC operation.
* The `signature` is **not case sensitive**.
* `totalParams` is defined as the `query string` concatenated with the
  `request body`(exclude `signature` parameters and values If signature parameters are in both).

### Timing Security

* A `SIGNED` endpoint requires an additional parameter, `timestamp`, to be

>   sent in the  `query string` or `form request body` or `header`(Not recommended). The `timestamp` should be the millisecond timestamp indicating when the request was created and sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  sent in the  `query string` or `form request body` or `header`(Not recommended). The `timestamp` should be in millisecond timestamp indicating when the request was created and sent.
```

**Response:**

Field name	| Description
----|---
status	| 0 mean order are created. 
data.orderId	| Order ID generated by the server.

> data.status	| The order status is an enumeration with values `SUCCESS`, `PROCESSING`;PROCESSING mean that the server is processing,SUCCESS means the order successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data.status	| The order status is an enumeration with values `SUCCESS`, `PROCESSING`;PROCESSING mean that the server is processing,SUCCESS means the order is successful.
```

This continuously updated endpoint returns a list of all available fiat channels.
**Weight:** 1

**Parameters(suggest json body):**

Name            | Type   | Mandatory | Description
----------------|--------| ------------ | ------------
transactionType | STRING | Yes |Set this parameter to -1 to indicate a cash-out transaction. At present, only cash-out transactions are supported.
currency        | STRING | Yes |The parameter represents the currency used in the transaction and should be set to PHP as it is the only currency currently supported.

> transactionChannel | STRING | No |  Filter list passes through the first-level channel. The first-level channel is an enumeration. The optional values are INSTAPAY, SWIFTPAY_PESONET, SWIFTPAY_OTC.
> transactionSubject        | STRING | No | Filter the list through secondary channels. Such as gcash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transactionChannel | STRING | No |  Filter the list by first-level channel. The first-level channel is an enumeration. The optional values are INSTAPAY, SWIFTPAY_PESONET, SWIFTPAY_OTC.
transactionSubject        | STRING | No | Filter the list by secondary channels. Such as Gcash.
```

**Weight:** 1

**Parameters(with json body):**

Name         | Type   | Mandatory | Description
-------------|--------|-----------| ------------

> internalOrderId | STRING | yes       | Internal ID assigned to the funds withdrawal order, all are numbers and not start with 0,Length is 10 to 20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
internalOrderId | STRING | yes       | Internal ID assigned to the funds withdrawal order, all are numbers and does not start with 0, Length is 10 to 20
```

  "channelSubject":"gcash",
  "extendInfo":{    
    "recipientAccountNumber": "20232249",
    "recipientName":"Joseph Pal Fajagut"
  }
}
```

**Response:**

FieldName            | Type   | Description
----------------|--------| ------------

> externalOrderId | String   |coins internal ID,not support query yet ignore it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
externalOrderId | String   | Coins internal ID, query not supported yet; ignore it.
```

> internalOrderId | String   |The unique order id generated by the server or the pass `internalOrderId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
internalOrderId | String   | The unique order id generated by the server or the passed `internalOrderId`.
```

         "externalOrderId": "1380692028693995623",
         "internalOrderId": "1388420429697583896"
          },
  "params": null  //Reserved field Ignore it
}
```
***status code description:***

status code           | Description
----------------| ------------
0 | means that the call is processed normally.(Applicable to other endpoint if there is a status structure) 
88010002 | User account disabled,please contact support for assistance.
88010003 | order amount lower than channel minAmount.
88010004 | order amount great than channel maxAmount.
88010005 | Daily cash-out limit exceeded.
88010006 | Monthly cash-out limit exceeded.
88010007 | Annual cash-out limit exceeded.
88010008,88010009,88010010,88010011 | Cash-outs method unavailable. please try again later

> 88010012 | Have cash-out order in progress. Wait for it completion and create new.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
88010012 | Cash-out order in progress. Wait for its completion and create a new one.
```

**Parameters:**

Name            | Type   | Mandatory | Description
----------------|--------|-----------| ------------
internalOrderId | STRING | YES       | ID of the order for which the user wishes to retrieve details.

**Response:**

FieldName            | Type    | Description
----------------|---------| ------------

> externalOrderId | String  |coins internal ID,not support query yet ignore it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
externalOrderId | String  | Coins internal ID, query not supported yet; ignore it.
```

internalOrderId | String  |The unique order id generated by the server.
paymentOrderId | String  |The payment order id generated by the channel.
fiatCurrency | String  |PHP as it is the only currency currently supported
fiatAmount | String  |The order amount.

> transactionType | String  |1 mean cash in,-1 mean cash out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transactionType | String  | 1 means cash in, -1 means cash out.
```

transactionChannel | String  |The first-level channel to order it belongs.
transactionSubject | String  |The channel code of order.
transactionSubjectType | String  |Channel type.
transactionChannelName | String  |First level channel Name.
transactionSubjectName | String  |channel Name.
feeCurrency | String  |PHP as it is the only currency currently supported
channelFee | String  |The fee of order always 0 Deprecated, see platformFee.
platformFee | String  |The fee of order.

> status | String  |The order status is an enumeration with values PENDING, SUCCEEDED, FAILED, and CANCEL; PENDING represents that the order processing is not a final state, SUCCEEDED represents the order processing success, FAILED represents the order processing failure, and CANCEL represents the customer's cancellation of the order, which is the same as failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
status | String  |The order status is an enumeration with values PENDING, SUCCEEDED, FAILED, and CANCEL; PENDING represents that the order processing is not in its final state, SUCCEEDED represents the order processing is successful, FAILED represents the order processing has failed, and CANCEL represents the customer's cancellation of the order, which is the same as failure.
```

errorCode | String  |Order fail with errorCode.
errorMessage | String  |Order fail with error message.
completedTime | String  |The time of order completed.
source | String  |Order create client Type，such as WEB,ANDROID,IOS,open-api.
createdAt | String  |The time of order created.
orderExtendedMap | Object  |The order extend data.

> dealCancel | boolean |If order can cancel value will be true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dealCancel | boolean | If order can be canceled value will be true.
```

**Weight:** 1

**Parameters(with json body):**

Name            | Type   | Mandatory | Description
----------------|--------| ------------ | ------------
pageNum | STRING | No | Page number default 1.
pageSize | STRING | No | Page size,default 10.
internalOrderId | STRING | No | Coins returns a unique tracking order number.
transactionType | STRING | No | Order Transaction Type 1: cash-in, -1: cash-out.
transactionChannel | STRING | No | Transaction channel, the optional values are INSTAPAY, SWIFTPAY_PESONET, SWIFTPAY_OTC.
transactionSubject | STRING | No | Secondary channels, such as Gcash supported under instapay.

> status | STRING | No | The order status is an enumeration with values PENDING, SUCCEEDED, FAILED, and CANCEL; PENDING represents that the order processing is not a final state, SUCCEEDED represents the order processing success, FAILED represents the order processing failure, and CANCEL represents the customer’s cancellation of the order, which is the same as failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
status | STRING | No | The order status is an enumeration with values PENDING, SUCCEEDED, FAILED, and CANCEL; PENDING represents that the order processing is not in a final state, SUCCEEDED represents the order processing is successful, FAILED represents the order processing has failed, and CANCEL represents the customer’s cancellation of the order, which is the same as failure.
```

fiatCurrency | STRING | No | fiat currecy.
startDate | STRING | No | the order's create time will between startDate and endDate. This parameter accepts input in the ISO 8601 format for date and time, which is based on the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time zone (e.g., "2016-10-20T13:00:00.000000Z"). Alternatively, you can provide a time delta from the current time (e.g., "1w 3d 2h 32m 5s").
endDate | STRING | No | the order's create time will between startDate and endDate. This parameter accepts input in the ISO 8601 format for date and time, which is based on the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time zone (e.g., "2016-10-20T13:00:00.000000Z"). Alternatively, you can provide a time delta from the current time (e.g., "1w 3d 2h 32m 5s").

**Response:**

FieldName            | Type    | Description
----------------|---------| ------------

> externalOrderId | String  |coins internal ID,not support query yet ignore it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
externalOrderId | String  | Coins internal ID, query not supported yet; ignore it.
```

internalOrderId | String  |The unique order id generated by the server.
paymentOrderId | String  |The payment order id generated by the channel.
fiatCurrency | String  |PHP as it is the only currency currently supported
fiatAmount | String  |The order amount.
transactionType | String  |1 mean cash in,-1 mean cash out.
transactionChannel | String  |The first-level channel to order it belongs.
transactionSubject | String  |The channel code of order.
transactionSubjectType | String  |Channel type.
transactionChannelName | String  |First level channel Name.
transactionSubjectName | String  |channel Name.
feeCurrency | String  |PHP as it is the only currency currently supported
channelFee | String  |The fee of order always 0 Deprecated, see platformFee.
platformFee | String  |The fee of order.

> status | String  |The order status is an enumeration with values PENDING, SUCCEEDED, FAILED, and CANCEL; PENDING represents that the order processing is not a final state, SUCCEEDED represents the order processing success, FAILED represents the order processing failure, and CANCEL represents the customer's cancellation of the order, which is the same as failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
status | String  |The order status is an enumeration with values PENDING, SUCCEEDED, FAILED, and CANCEL; PENDING represents that the order processing is not in a final state, SUCCEEDED represents the order processing is successful, FAILED represents the order processing has failed, and CANCEL represents the customer's cancellation of the order, which is the same as failure.
```
